README.md, before:

# README
This Project runs rails app with postgres,redis and sidekiq using kubernetes.

## Prerequisites
1. minikube on machine

## Setup
### Rails App setup
1. Created a rails app using `rails new <APP_NAME>`
2. Added these changes in `Gemfile` and removed `sqlite`

```
gem 'unicorn'
gem 'pg'
gem 'sidekiq'
gem 'redis-rails'
```

3. Added changes in `config/database.yml` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/database.yml).
4. Added changes in `config/secrets.yml` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/secrets.yml).
5. Added changes in `config/application.rb` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/application.rb).
6. Created config file `config/unicorn.rb` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/unicorn.rb).
7. Created config file `config/initializers/sidekiq.rb` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/initializers/sidekiq.rb).
8. Created Dockerfile as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/Dockerfile).
9. Created `.dockerignore` file.

### Kubernetes Setup
File related for each structure
```
- postgres:
  - postgres-configmap.yml
  - postgres-volume.yml
  - postgres-service.yml
  - postgres-deployment.yml

- app:
  - app-config.yml
  - app-setup-job.yml
  - app-service.yml
  - app-deployment.yml

- redis:
  - redis-volume.yml
  - redis-service.yml
  - redis-deployment.yml

- sidekiq:
  - sidekiq-service.yml
  - sidekiq-deployment.yml
```

### Running the app:
To run the app using kubernetes:
1. make sure minikube is up.

2. create postgres configmap using `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-configmap.yml`
3. create postgres volume using  `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-volume.yml`
4. create postgres service using  `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-service.yml`
5. create postgres deployment using  `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-deployment.yml`

6. create redis volume using  `kubectl create -f k8s/redis-volume.yml`
7. create redis service using  `kubectl create -f k8s/redis-service.yml`
8. create redis deployment using  `kubectl create -f k8s/redis-deployment.yml`

9. create rails app configmap using  `kubectl create -f k8s/app-config.yml`
10. create rails app job using `kubectl create -f k8s/app-setup-job.yml`
11. create rails app service using `kubectl create -f k8s/app-service.yml`
12. create rails app deployment using `kubectl create -f k8s/app-deployment.yml`

13. create sidekiq service using  `kubectl create -f k8s/sidekiq-service.yml`
14. create sidekiq deployment using  `kubectl create -f k8s/sidekiq-deployment.yml`

15. run `kubectl svc -o wide` to get the service name for the rails app.
16. run `minikube service rails-app --url` to get the remote url.
17. open the url in your browser you should see the rails app running.

Commit message:

fix readme + add posts note

README.md, after:

# README
This Project runs rails app with postgres,redis and sidekiq using kubernetes.

## Prerequisites
1. minikube on machine

## Setup
### Rails App setup
1. Created a rails app using `rails new <APP_NAME>`
2. Added these changes in `Gemfile` and removed `sqlite`

```
gem 'unicorn'
gem 'pg'
gem 'sidekiq'
gem 'redis-rails'
```

3. Added changes in `config/database.yml` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/database.yml).
4. Added changes in `config/secrets.yml` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/secrets.yml).
5. Added changes in `config/application.rb` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/application.rb).
6. Created config file `config/unicorn.rb` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/unicorn.rb).
7. Created config file `config/initializers/sidekiq.rb` as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/config/initializers/sidekiq.rb).
8. Created Dockerfile as shown [here](https://github.com/3mRoshdy/k8s-rails-app/blob/master/Dockerfile).
9. Created `.dockerignore` file.

### Kubernetes Setup
File related for each structure
```
- postgres:
  - postgres-configmap.yml
  - postgres-volume.yml
  - postgres-service.yml
  - postgres-deployment.yml

- app:
  - app-config.yml
  - app-setup-job.yml
  - app-service.yml
  - app-deployment.yml

- redis:
  - redis-volume.yml
  - redis-service.yml
  - redis-deployment.yml

- sidekiq:
  - sidekiq-service.yml
  - sidekiq-deployment.yml
```

### Running the app:
To run the app using kubernetes:
1. make sure minikube is up.

2. create postgres configmap using `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-configmap.yml`
3. create postgres volume using  `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-volume.yml`
4. create postgres service using  `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-service.yml`
5. create postgres deployment using  `kubectl create -f k8s/postgres-deployment.yml`

6. create redis volume using  `kubectl create -f k8s/redis-volume.yml`
7. create redis service using  `kubectl create -f k8s/redis-service.yml`
8. create redis deployment using  `k`

9. create rails app configmap using  `kubectl create -f k8s/app-config.yml`
10. create rails app job using `kubectl create -f k8s/app-setup-job.yml`
11. create rails app service using `kubectl create -f k8s/app-service.yml`
12. create rails app deployment using `kubectl create -f k8s/app-deployment.yml`

13. create sidekiq service using  `kubectl create -f k8s/sidekiq-service.yml`
14. create sidekiq deployment using  `kubectl create -f k8s/sidekiq-deployment.yml`

15. run `kubectl get svc -o wide` to get the service name for the rails app.
16. run `minikube service rails-app --url` to get the remote url.
17. open the url in your browser you should see the rails app running.
18. you can navigate to `/posts` in the url to see the database changes.
